hey the maxime of session
I have the box with me today
you have something nice for us today
brought namely the lsr series of
javier here once the 308 and 3 0 518 5
counter studio monitors what special
tell them that a bit
special is that they are brand new st
they are straight from the very first
delivery tapped and directly to you
down here because I thought
we have to show you that we have to
Show you at home and accordingly
here briefly demonstrate 30 5 308
just mentioned that it is the new 3 Series
wales series are two models
maybe the series will grow along
at the moment there are still the
two speaker types consist of what
They are classic two-way systems
bm powered with glass stages 1 and
40 watts for the woofer 41 play
tweeter in the smaller version and
56 watts each for civil engineering and
in the 308 classic two
way what is so striking on the
first look is very big
wavelight image control wave is the
marketing expression you smile about it
Yes, marketing is one of them but it is stuck
really great aspects behind it the man
actually should briefly explain yes
is very conspicuous
influenced the radiation behavior completely
exactly is affect distance behavior
that in the studio, of course, very much
very important because we have here
Of course , a very important sweet
spot that is called from the triangle where
one hears optimally and ideally should
to be as big as possible
just to work with me
can move accordingly when mixing
if I have devices on the side
I turn to page
or I have 19 inch devices the
maybe mounted further down the rack
I'm moving so I'm determined
not always quieter i move when
I want to move, of course
if possible no sound loss
that's why it's important that this sweet
spot is as big as possible that will be here
guaranteed why does it work
here so good for one, we have one
tweeter behind with neodymium magnets
It works very efficiently up to 24 kg
heart and the other are the haaner
designed that relatively large
as the turn of the trend down to
woofers I can settle very deep
that has the decisive advantage that
frequencies until about 1700
heart shape tweeter can play
and I have a better one there
control
other systems separate at 3000 heart
or even higher up then
of course, the woofers these high
still work with frequencies and here
So I can get in earlier and have
thus a much better
radiates control
I have a wider stereo picture
But I still have a lot of it
good phantom transmitter that is if i am
close your eyes and consider ok where
is the middle when i move me
I have a very precise phantom middle
simple but also what the
I have dealt with depth graduation
simply enormous advantages
i can do a lot in the mix
to work more accurately I can get signals better
in the constellation I can distribute halt
Setting rooms can be much more precise
just work that's the big one
advantage of this image control wave
By the way, do not guide for the first time
This series was developed but for
the gl m 2 reference monitor that is one
absolute high end reference monitor
in many studios stands in big
studios is there was the first time for
developed and then you have yourself
thoughtful let's try it
this yes this technology round too
break and also in smaller series
to let in and that is very
as well as everybody likes
can convince yourself of
Connection possibilities can be seen here
on the back also everything
symmetrically designed xlr i left i
have room adjustments in heights and
in the deep, I can each 2 db
raise or lower
That's just what you need for customization
in room setting or too
individual taste that we the
bring in three aspects again
we can be the initial sensitivity
adjust from minus 10 to +4 dbp
Ordering connections age knows you
Actually we have the 30 55
inch in it
in the 30 880 katrin yes exactly
the tweeter is the same for both
What is there to say about it ?
we have the image control wakeskate
already spoken
especially worth mentioning is still
the low frequency range because we have here
long stroke woofer in it
in combination with the special
bass reflex opening and the big one
housing just work very well
a very dynamic and powerful
bass playback have the reflex opening
are so-called slipstream openings that
are flow-optimized openings the
just do not create turbulence and
thus much more efficient and accurate
continue to work the woofer at
Great here at 308, it's going down
37 heart at minus 10 db and at the 305
it runs down to 43 yards - cw
we have in different first
I already heard that he joined
very many applications actually
no separate shadow from me
Of course there are signals here
extremely what are intensively recommend there
We also recommend a tip
students again separately but here
actually works a lot
Wide range of the system outstanding
even without subwoofer, yes, then nice
thanks, as I said, comes over hears you
the things
that's definitely worth it
thanks for the show thank you very much for
your time and come over and become you
very much in days
until next time